cows been cooking like this for 13 years
I'm here to show her a dinner party menu
that can be done in under 30 minutes
dinner parties
chefs nightmare that looks like
cat food in there what is that run me
through the spagbol spag bol pasta yep
baguette e
means run me through your bolognese
sauce would you mean that's it the
tinder jar sauce onions vegetables
onions garlic now it's straight onto the
spaghetti 13 years Carole three months
fine but 13 years cooking the same old
that let's start off with that in
there yep we're gonna do three dishes
salmon chicken and a cheesecake that can
be done easily whilst you get ready and
lady tale at the same time right first
of all we're gonna do the salmon my menu
of the restaurant perfect for summer
very very light and the ladies dish so
we'll get the marinade done first
they're spring onions why doing that
I'll chop the chili and the nice thing
about this they can very you know that
you put chopped ginger in there is a
little bit more adventurous I'd like to
think over the next 13 years that's
exactly what you do at finely chopped
coriander the juice of one lemon olive
oil sesame oil and soy sauce now that is
the most difficult part done all right
and it's quick to do that then is make a
pond copter
[Music]
don't dress the salmon with a mound age
yet put it in the fridge and start the
main course chicken a simple dish with
chicken creme fraiche and capers
we go to the outside of the pan first
that's really nice not
so everything will go in here so there's
no key and the pan that I need to know
we have one hand and one painting one
pan when he gets home here when you've
got color on both sides add some white
wine after 2 minutes take out the garlic
and rosemary and put some capers in
chicken stock
creme fraiche in bring up the ball quick
quicker than polonaise the beauty of
those chicken dish is that you can leave
it to finish while you lay the table one
last time at a cheesecake time for
dessert a no-bake cheesecake 3/4 whip
the cream just taste that now with a
vanilla in there I've got vanilla cream
to the cream cheese mix next creme de
cassis a black currant liqueur several
things cheesecake has to be long-winded
but not now why is that data
right look at you've old land right this
menu is so quick cows even had time to
get changed before her guests arrive oh
yeah and I'll get ladies in and sat down
it's a pool cocktail girls come in come
in come in come in nice to see you
wine in hand I see oh Jesus pistol ready
take a seat the calendar girls right
take a seat there's no pool cocktail
there is that yeah I don't think we
upset do you ladies good to see you
sorry bout the pong cocktail but they're
gone I meant another 13 years for
another one